[Applause]
[Music]
I got backdoors in the love handles ah
soft bits under there man
she's just play fighting but that play
fighting should play with mom or should
play with a sibling
and it's a way of maintaining that bond
and socializing it's not easy being a
toy for a baby somewhere
[Music]
definitely forced nature you aren't you
she reminds me of that cartoon
tassiedevil you know we're just poor
through and everything's destroyed all
in down
[Music]
those claws are becoming pretty sharp
and she grabs hold of you you can't get
her
feels like I've had a fight with a
bramble bush more than anything else
oh my no you can't stop going up there
I hid the can of tuna at the top of the
pole they thinking it she won't be able
to climb the park no way she has fun fun
oh my god
she's a heavy ban out
[Music]
[Applause]
you
[Music]
[Applause]